# pkg from hourfrozen & triodev

## notes
this repository is for development
if you're looking to get pkg you need to find it on the creator store. LINK GOES HERE LMAO
if you intend on creating a PR or fork of pkg to customize it or add new features, you're in the right place.
if you want to learn how to use pkg, you are also in the right place. focus on this readme and where it leads you.
if you do not understand the following or cannot grasp github, don't use pkg.
thank you for reading, however if you didn't read this and came back to complain, i'm not responsible for whatever you did.
MIGRATION FROM ROBLOX TEAM CREATE TO PKG MUST BE DONE MANUALLY UNTIL I CAN MAKE A TOOL TO DO SO!


## maintainers
- hourfrozen
- halexusga

## 1.. how to use
in this repository you will find src/Modules/RepositoryCoreModules/static/sourcemapref.lua
this is the core of all pkg projects
you should open it and check it out, read all it's comments.

### how to use [1]: further info on sourcemaps
- src.safe
this disables pkg's linter if set to 0
if its set to anything not between or equal to 0 and 1, your project will break.
we recommend keeping it at 1.

### how to use [2]: helper and init functions
if you simply add this code below to the head of your file, pkg will autofill it.
```lua
local helper
```

helper is a collective of functions to help you tag instances your build functions create.

your src.init() function works for building or simply just running anything inside of it ***before*** the sourcemap is read.
an example is provided in sourcemapref.lua, but if you cannot view that file or are just too lazy, i've added a code block below.
```lua
function src.init()
	-- this code runs first. edit this as you please.
	-- used for building your project, initializing it.
	-- useful function: helper.generateInstance(CLASSNAME: STRING)
	-- i advise against using instance.new here.
	helper.generateInstance("Folder", workspace).Name = "_pkg" -- you may remove this line.
end
```

### how to use [3]: config.

our config system is barebones.
it lives in ``game.ReplicatedFirst.pkgconf``.
it contains a few vital values you will use a ton.
they're listed below as bullets.

- neverupgrade
this one is my favorite.
neverupgrade prevents pkg from regenerating your config.
pkg currently doesn't keep values after regenerating, so you will use this quite a bit.
we expect to implement retained values in v4, for now you'll need to deal with it.

- repo
a string that defines your github repository.
this is where your project lives. this is where pkg pulls from.

- user
the user your repository is under, im not 100% sure if we support orgs yet, likely not.

- pkgconf/PKGCONF
this is an autogenerated ``NumberValue`` used to house all of the configs.
it's value is equal to the pkgconf version/pkg ver included with your version of pkg.

- THINGS TO NOTE
if your version of pkg is older than the current conf version, you may not use sync.
this is done for safety as to not corrupt project builds.

